What's New 94 (#1424)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/visual-studio-code/microsoft-edge-devtools-extension.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Changing the extension settings

In version 1.1.6 or later, you can customize DevTools in the Visual Studio Code extension.

To customize the settings:

1.  In Visual Studio Code, on the **Activity Bar**, select **Microsoft Edge Tools**.

1.  Hover over the upper right corner of the **Microsoft Edge Tools**: **Targets** panel, to the right of the word **TARGETS**.  Several icons are now displayed.

1.  Select the **More Actions** (`...`) icon to the right of the word **TARGETS**, and then select **Open Settings**.

    :::image type="complex" source="./media/edge-tools-open-settings-icon.msft.png" alt-text="The More Actions icon on the Microsoft Edge Tools: Targets panel, to change the settings of the DevTools extension" lightbox="./media/edge-tools-open-settings-icon.msft.png":::
       The **More Actions** icon on the **Microsoft Edge Tools: Targets** panel, to change the settings of the DevTools extension
    :::image-end:::

> ### Reloading the extension after changing certain settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Reloading the extension after changing settings
```

Some settings have a note that reads **(reload required after changing)**.  For such a setting to take effect:

> 1.  Close the browser instance that the extension opened.  This automatically closes the **Edge DevTools** tab as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Close the browser opened by the extension.  This action automatically closes the **Edge DevTools** tab as well.
```

1.  To restart the extension, from the **Activity Bar**, select **Microsoft Edge Tools**, and then select the **Launch Instance** button.  Microsoft Edge opens, and the **Edge DevTools** tab is displayed.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Viewing the changelog to see changes made to the extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Viewing the changelog for changes made to the extension
```

> You can view the changes made to the extension. 
> 
> To view the changelog:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the changes made to the extension. To view the changelog, perform the following steps.
```

1.  In Visual Studio Code, on the **Activity Bar**, select **Microsoft Edge Tools**.

> 1.  Hover over the upper right corner of the **Microsoft Edge Tools**: **Targets** panel, to the right of the word **TARGETS**.  Several icons are now displayed.
> 
> 1.  Select the **More Actions** (`...`) icon to the right of the word **TARGETS**, and then select **View Changelog**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  In **Microsoft Edge Tools** > **Targets**, select **More Actions** (...) to the right of the word **TARGETS**, and then select **View Changelog**.
```
